update life cycle concept (#157)
eclipse-score/process_description: process/general_concepts/score_lifecycle_concept.rst

Lifecycle concept
-----------------

Contributions to the project are driven by Feature/Component Requests.

> As features and components are the main structuring elements of the project, new

Reviewer: Could you point me to the line where this is fixed? I seem to be blind or it is missing.

features and components are requested by feature or components requests. Both are special
types of change requests.

The figure below shows the standard lifecycle of any feature/component in the project.

.. figure:: _assets/score_lifecycle_model.drawio.svg
  :width: 100%
  :align: center
  :alt: Lifecycle model for the project

  Lifecycle model for the project

A new feature or component request starts the **Concept Phase**.
The **Concept Phase** is used to provide feasibility and further decision criteria, which
are needed to finally accept the new feature/component for the project platform.

> The request may supported by source code provided within incubator repositories. In this

Author: changed

> phase only the the :need:`Change Management<doc_getstrt__change_process>` process must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
phase only the the :need:`Change Management<doc_getstrt__change_process>` process needs
to be executed, all other are optional.
```

Contributions to the project are driven by Feature/Component Requests.

As features and components are the main structuring elements of the project, new
features and components are requested by feature or components requests (compare
:need:`wf__change_cr_an_change_request`). Both are special types of change requests.

The figure below shows the standard lifecycle of any feature/component in the project.

.. figure:: _assets/score_lifecycle_model.drawio.svg
  :width: 100%
  :align: center
  :alt: Lifecycle model for the project

  Lifecycle model for the project

A new feature or component request starts the **Concept Phase**.
The **Concept Phase** is used to provide feasibility and further decision criteria, which
are needed to finally accept the new feature/component for the project platform.
The request may be supported by source code provided within incubator repositories. In
this phase only the the :need:`Change Management<doc_getstrt__change_process>` process
needs to be executed, all other are optional.

Accepted features must be planned and developed according the defined project processes.
Thus the accepted Feature/Component Request starts the **Development Phase**.

> During the **Development Phase** the feature implementation is initially planned, before

Author: changed
